Why?

I am a college student with no earnings of my own. My parents put me to college with a lot of effort the financial condition of my family could be better we are already trapped in debt to the Bank. In these circumstances, I want to be able to stand on my feet as soon as possible. I am a computer science student and have always admired Programming and creativity when I came across this course I thought it might be helpful to me to learn some excellent stuff about the same. Although when I saw the price, it was not something I could afford I wanted to learn some new concepts and hence am applying for financial aid. I am determined and passionate and find this course to be a breakthrough in my journey as a development student please help me with it so that I can advance and finally be able to be someone who could one day pay for courses without a second thought about it.



how?

my goal is to be able to earn a living from what I genuinely enjoy however it would not be possible unless I work towards it hence, I always try to find the times in which I can enhance myself by self-learning and through different people by learning from them to date I have learned lots of stuff that I never knew existed. This course offers good knowledge about Programming and Machine Learning which is also part of my Study and matches my natural creative skills I love coding and mathematics and building projects for fun but to take it a step further I think this is the course that can help me with that and also it is a University course which is what mesmerizes me I cannot let this chance escape of creating a significant leap in my career by learning this course. It will be the best thing I have done in a long time.



how? Linux

my goal is to be able to earn a living from what I genuinely enjoy however it would not be possible unless I work towards it hence, I always try to find the times in which I can enhance myself by self-learning and through different people by learning from them to date I have learned lots of stuff that I never knew existed. This course offers good knowledge about Programming and Linux Operating Systems which is also part of my Study and skills required to be good at development I love coding and mathematics and building projects for fun but to take it a step further I think this is the course that can help me with that and also it is a reputed course which is what mesmerizes me I cannot let this chance escape of creating a significant leap in my career by learning this course. It will be the best thing I have done in a long time.